# Pandas-Challenge
PyCity Schools 

Py city schools
This project analyzes information on high school performance and spending.  With the information provided we can determine Budgets per school and per student, and the average scores in math, reading and overall.  Using these numbers, we can sort our information and make observations on the type of school and amount of spending and its impact on the student’s performance.  
We can examine 15 schools with a total count of students at 39,170, and a total budget of 24 Million.   We can see that the average scores for these students are between 75 percent to 82 percent.  Using the sorting methods, we can see that the charter schools outperformed the district schools, district schools also had a slightly budget per student.  Comparing the schools by grade level did not indicate a significant change in performance.  The Scores by district showed that the budget of 630 to 650 performed the highest, even higher than the over 650 budget level, showing that an extreme budget is not always needed.  The school size did not show a highly significant impact on performance as well.  One of the biggest take away from this data is that the charter school had a much higher performance almost 30 to 40 percent better.   This data can be used to investigate the difference between charter and district schools and see why there is such a difference in performance.  
I enjoyed this assignment because it was a real-world problem that I could understand and follow the analysis in a meaningful way.  The hardest part of the assignment was merging my information into one dataframe, as I had mislabeled columns and took a long time getting completed.  I also thought the binning was hard to understand and took a bit of manipulating to get. My other issue was the repository, and my terminal would not merge so I had a hard time and manually had to update my changes.  Therefore, I had a lower number of commits on this assignment compared to other assignments.  
